Here we are going to outline the communication between the Quast Server and the Quast Server


Server outline
    Startup and Initialization
        The server will start by loading in the starter map.
    
    Map Initialization
        The Generic Map will be loaded
        Enemies loading
            It will iterate over root/Enemies and load information about them into globals
            These tokens will contain information about the enemy's type, health
    
    Client Connection

    Client Completes Map

Testing the system
    For testing to server communication, the server will be launching in a graphics view.
    Admin Debugging
        The server launched in graphics mood will allow an admin to scroll across the map and view all the players at once.
        There will be a graphic boundary so that the admin will know when they are
    
Things that I need todo for work tomorrow
I need to look at Karl's Daugheterst Things
I realluy should find a bucket for the air compressor
I need to clean the actuator Bases and test a couple of the to make sure that they workI should review what are good bases and how to improve
I need to look into how to improve the quaility of the LCD connector to the ACT PCB.
I need to Order and email Potter's PCB
I need to respec a power supply for the DCC It should have all the Compliancies that Pasco is looking for
You should Call freedom finisher to see what they use for thier poweder coating
    Talk about how you are looking into increasing the wuality of the paint so we can use a better product
You need to update the BOM from the ACT
You need to update the FP BOM from the ESD protection
You need to order prototypes for the ESD
You need to create a quote for saturn with the new force plate boards
You need to go and continue converting the documents from solid works files to step and ides files.
    Maybe you can put Curtis or Aaron on it so you don't have to worry about it.
    It would give them practice on how to deal with drawins which would be benifical for their carriers. 
    Either way you will have to orgainze the files into something that they can handle    
You need to orgainze the office. 
    It is a mess and those act power supplies need to go some where. 
The office supplies can be thrown out and the old coffee maker really should go
You need to contact the company that makse Violgens and talk to them about how to handle the chemical. 
You need to start the act documentation process on how to program and test for shorts.
Talk to Kelluy about getting new nine volt batteries for the Multimeter
You need to drill a hole and epoxy the vaccum stopper
You need to finish the templates for the holders. 
    You might need to talk to kelly about if you need to get the wood still
You should take the cans into ollie so that you can clean out the office some more.
You need to sort through the components in the blue tub so that you can get rid of them.
    They really don't need to be there any more
You should write up a quite summary of the centripifal force sensor and why its discontinued.
    The the parts either need to go tinto strogae or get thrown away. 
The old dfs casings need to have something done to them
    They either need to be reciled or thrown out. we really don't need to hold on to them any longer
You should get some boxes from Orion to stro pcbfailed prototypes that are useless now
You need to organize the PCB section of the engineering 

Things that I think will take 5 minutes


5-15 Minute Things


30 Minute Things

2 Hour Things